# feeds
A component for [Clay](https://github.com/nymag/amphora/wiki#clay-is-divided-into-components).

## Description
The purpose of the feeds component is to expose collections of articles/videos/etc to different renderers. For example, if you need an RSS feed of latest videos, you could make a feed instance that specifies how to render the content in an RSS format. If you need a feed of articles for Amazon's Alexa to read, you make a feed component that aggregates and formats the data.

## Fields
### index

Which ElasticSearch index should we build out a query against



### query

A full ElasticSearch query object



### meta

This property takes the form of a JSON Object with the following properties:

* `renderer` [String, required]: indicates the extension to use when requesting the feed. Set to any value where we have a supported renderer (`.alexa`, `.rss`, etc.)
* `contentType` [String, required]: the value of the `Content-Type` header that S3 should send when serving the file
* `fileExtension` [String, required]: can be confused with `type`, but this is the extension the the scraped file should be save with when storing in S3. Should only be the extension value without the `.` preceeding it.
* `s3_directory` [String]: specifies the S3 directory the feed will fall into. The scraper already has logic to determine the bucket, but if you need the scraped file placed in a specific directory you'll need to define the path in this property. It should not have a `/` at the beginning.
* `rawQuery` [Boolean]: specifies if we want raw results from the query (i.e. should we run the queryService autoformatter or not)
* `utmSource` [String]: the value of `utm_source` query param on article links (defaults to `nym`)
* `utmMedium` [String]: the value of `utm_medium` query param on article links (defaults to `f1`)




### transform

Which Feed Transform should we use.  See `sites/components/feeds/transforms` for all available transformations



### results

Cached results from ElasticSearch after running the query to support this feed, allows the feed to be rendered without redoing the ElasticSearch query




---
_Autogenerated by Clay. Edit the `schema.yml` to change this readme. Schema conforms to the Kiln 5.0 spec._
